documentation/deploymentDocumentation.md, before:

# **Deployment**

## *Prefilled fields*
### apiVersion: 
```
This field specifies the version of Kubernetes you are using. For deployments, this will most likely be: apps/v1
```
### kind:
```
This field specifies what the config file will be used for. This could be Deployment, Service, Pod, and the like. 
The most common are Deployment and Service. For deployments, the kind will alwayse Deployment.
```

## *User specified fields*

### metadata:
* #### name:
    ```
    This field is specifies the name of the deployment so that it can be identified when the deployment is running 
    (as there can be multiple deployments).
    ```

### spec: 
* #### selector:
    * #### matchLabels:
        ```
        app: (This is the name you use to refere to your deployed application.)
        tier: (This is not mandatory but can be used to specify the deployment is front-end or back-end.)
        role: (This is also not mandatory but can be used to specify a deployment is a master or a slave.)
        ```
* #### replicas:
    ```
    This field is used to specify the number of times it should deploy the given docker image 
    ```
* #### template: 
    * #### metadata:
        * #### labels:
            ```
            app: (same as above)
            tier: (same as above)
            role: (same as above)
            ```

    * #### spec: 
        * #### containers: 
            ```
            - name: (The name you wish to give your container)
            image: (The name/path of the docker image used for these containers)
            ports: (This field is used to specify container ports)
            - containerPort: (The chosen port for your container)
            ```

Commit message:

added information about configuring deployment with any namespace and local docker registry

documentation/deploymentDocumentation.md, after:

# **Deployment**

## *Prefilled fields*
### apiVersion: 
```
This field specifies the version of Kubernetes you are using. For deployments, this will most likely be: apps/v1
```
### kind:
```
This field specifies what the config file will be used for. This could be Deployment, Service, Pod, and the like. 
The most common are Deployment and Service. For deployments, the kind will alwayse Deployment.
```

## *User specified fields*

### metadata:
* #### name:
    ```
    This field is specifies the name of the deployment so that it can be identified when the deployment is running 
    (as there can be multiple deployments).
    ```
* #### namespace:
    ```
    This field can be configured with the name of the namespace for the deployment to be in a certain namespace 
    (OPTIONAL, does not have to specified and will be deployed in 'default' if not specified).
    ```

### spec: 
* #### selector:
    * #### matchLabels:
        ```
        app: (This is the name you use to refere to your deployed application.)
        tier: (This is not mandatory but can be used to specify the deployment is front-end or back-end.)
        role: (This is also not mandatory but can be used to specify a deployment is a master or a slave.)
        ```
* #### replicas:
    ```
    This field is used to specify the number of times it should deploy the given docker image 
    ```
* #### template: 
    * #### metadata:
        * #### labels:
            ```
            app: (same as above)
            tier: (same as above)
            role: (same as above)
            ```

    * #### spec: 
        * #### containers: 
            ```
            - name: (The name you wish to give your container)
            imagePullPolicy: (Must be configured to IfNotPresent since we are using local docker registry)
            image: (The name/path of the docker image used for these containers)
            ports: (This field is used to specify container ports)
            - containerPort: (The chosen port for your container)
            ```
